you're asking for trouble aren't you I
never got anything yet worthwhile about
trouble it might be worth more than you
think
yes he took this woman of the shadows
molded her with culture draped her with
luxury created her into a lady of
quality for the strangest reason a man
ever had for behind his plan was a
blueprint for vengeance that took her
into an empire of crime built by men who
each had a price until they met this
woman who was willing to pay it
reckless unscrupulous where she to
become the victim of her own intense
ambitions or was every man she knew to
become the victim of her charms
why you're so used to lioness you can't
double cross me or must make us seem
good join me to be tracked and the
criminal
you bet I want you to be like them smart
what if you couldn't trust me would you
have me kill - I'd do that myself thank
you
no save it for tonight